let's do the way professional
heavyweight boxer from South London I've
been boxing now for two and a half two
years at my channel and my long-term
goals is all just to be able to be
champion which am any people will appear
that I'm actually serious about that you
know it's not because I've dreamed about
for a long time and something I'm
working hard towards house from citizen
old seven wins
other severe fires Oh be a fireman let
it to just a few Lewis can they temple
and domes and is the long live students
is this lovely Sarah Schaefer thought
you more check tipsy Joe Lewis is so
much when it's wet
my fellow Pacific is doing over they do
see some strain on you trade we tested
the Friday the sun-baked spirits learned
that doing different things that I've
never been from face village before and
I thought it'd be
I make its retelling a story is quite
you got quite happily
and I went up against Allah
they must not say thank you this
holidays to get some thanks it wouldn't
support me and believe we may help me
and they look to be FTV from spending
today
anything anytime